
Confidential comments to the editorial staff:

I summed up my remarks about this paper in the
following:
As far as I know this is a novel idea to improve accuracy of scene classification and it is well presented.  The only real issue I had with this paper is the structure of the paper, specifically explaining the algorithm.  The steps of the algorithm are not presented in the order they are executed, and I found the whole pipeline is not clearly presented, which caused a bit of confusing and flipping backwards and forwards.  

Comments for the author(s):
Idea:
This paper presents a method for combining multiple frames of a video stream to improve the accuracy of any static scene segmentation algorithm.  The method is intended to not be dependant on any specific scene segmentation algorithm and should be applicable to any algorithm that can output classification for each pixel with an associated probability.  It does so in a number of steps 
1) Obtain classification for each pixel with an associated probability 
2) For a given pixel, use optical flow to find a neighbourhood of potential corresponding pixels from the previous frame
3) Use a function that calculates pixel 'similarity' between a given pixel and each pixel in the neighbourhood.  This function learns pixel similarity offline with known corresponding pixels as calculated by standard computer vision approaches.
4) Assign weights to each pixel in the neighbourhood based on the similarity, whereby stronger weights are assigned to pixels with high similarity
5) Combine previous classification results with current results based on the pixel weights

Illustrative figures:
Although there were many well described figures of screenshots from the algorithm, there were no flow charts or pseudo code.  I feel that the pipeline of the algorithm was not so clear, and a flowchart stating all the steps in order would be of great benefit.

Praise:

a) There seemed to be a lot of work behind the similartiy function, and this was presented quite clearly.  The figures were very good for this section.

b) The formulas are generally clear and well connected with text.

c) Good use of images, these were also well labeled and refered to from the text appropriately.

d) The videos were very good.  Being able to see the flickering made the benefits of the algorithm much more clear.

Critisism:

a) The motivation for such an algorithm could be expanded more, only one application is stated.

b) The inner workings of the static classification algorithms are not explained.  Whilst it is clear that the algorithm developed doesn't require any additional information from these algorithms, I feel it would be of benefit to include some basic discussion of how these work, especially for readers not so knowledgable in the topic.

c) It was stated the paper was inspired by standard linear casual filters, I think a citation here would be appropriate.

d) The dimenstionality of the RGB features was increased to 141 through local texture and patterns.  I think how this exactly how this larger dimensionality is obtained could be expanded on

e) The stucture of the paper is a little confusing, because similarity metric is described first, and optical flow comes afterwards, whereas in the algorithm, optical flow is first used to calculate a neighborhood, and then the weights for each pixel are calculated.  The introduction sentence for Temporal Consistency also suggests that optical flow is the next step.  Furthermore, it is not clearly stated in optical flow section what optical flow is actually used for.  This lead to me jumping back and forth and re-reading the introduction before it was clear the true order of the steps and what optical flow is used for.

f) In the text the different classifications are compared between datasets, however this comparison is not presented in the figures.  Maybe a graph could be used here (there are only tables in the paper)

g) The claim at the start of the paper is that it "drastically improved predictions over time" however per pixel accuarcy (table 4) is only a small percentage increase.  This is not so convincing.  

h) No future work is stated.

